hello and thanks for playing Panthers
and paratroopers I'm going to give you a
brief overview of how to play the game
so let's start by selecting the easy
scenario as you can see there's a hex
based map at the top of the screen
you control the clear hexes your enemy
controls the orange hexes the hexes with
red dots represent supply heads or
sources of supplies such as ports or
cities or airfields your objective is to
capture every single hex with a supply
head on the map your enemy wins by
capturing the red star with the yellow
borders in the middle you've got your
resource tracts and these keep track of
the amount of resources that you have
under your control at any given time and
at the bottom the most important element
of the game your game cards so let's
start by playing one of your cards let's
play the HMS Ark Royal this card will
add four Navy resources to your Navy
resource track up here so let's go ahead
and press the play button as you can see
you've gone from three Navy resources to
to six and then here the enemy now has
the option of playing a card this card
will destroy four of your airforce
resources down here you can see that
you've got about six Air Force resources
so take away force that's you don't want
to do that to block this card you would
have to spend one of your intelligence
resources so let's go ahead and block
this card now we have the option of
playing another card I want to
demonstrate the effect of supply in this
game and so the best way to do that is
actually to blockade one of your enemy
supply heads hexes or make it inactive
so I'm going to use the L boats card
this card costs me two Navy resources to
play we've got plenty of Navy resources
so I'm going to press the play button
and as you can see I can select one the
enemy supply heads to effectively kind
of turn off I can toggle back and forth
and the map using these arrow keys or
arrow buttons so I've selected Athens
I'm going to hit select
and as you can see the supply head go
you know takes on a faded kind of color
that means that's no longer active and
the hex is adjacent to it are also now
out of supply and so they can't be used
for certain functions in the game so
that those are how supply lines work
basically if you can't trace a path of
friendly hexes to one of your supply
heads that hex is going to be out of
supply so now the enemy is attacking
they have the option of capturing one of
the three hexes outlined in green if I
don't block I'm going to go ahead and
pass even though I have the resources to
block just to show you what happens so
as you can see they've captured this
supply head hex now it's my turn to play
a card in this case I don't right now I
don't like any of the cards I've got in
my hand so I'm going to discard one of
my cards and when you discard a card you
get to pick a new card and you get to
pick from a certain number of cards
which is determined by the card that
you're discarding by its discard value
that value can be found below the black
question mark icon so in this case I'm
going to discard the HMS Ark Royal it's
got a discard value of four as you can
see I can choose from one of four cards
let's go ahead and select Tommy's and
that'll be added to my hand
now the enemy's plane the barrage blimps
card and this is an important card
because this decreases the air range of
one of my supply had X's you can see the
light blue tint on the map that
represents all the hexes that are within
the air range of my supply head hexes if
they decrease that range then fewer
hexes I'll be able to reach fewer hexes
from my supply heads and that's
important because I won't be able to
place certain cards on those hexes so
let's go ahead and block now finally I'm
gonna show you how to actually capture
some hexes on the screen we're gonna
play the ground assault card I'm gonna
go ahead and press play and now I've got
the option to capture any of the hexes
with blue borders you can see the three
right here I'm gonna toggle down to show
you how to maneuver between hexes that
are available to you for capture I want
to capture this hex on the coastline I'm
trying
take that supply head I'm gonna hit
select and as you can see that hex is
now under my control again so that is
how you play pandas and paratroopers in
a nutshell and I hope you enjoy